{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff6\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title            COFA BYLAWS, Appendix D}
{\author Brian E. Kennedy}{\operator Brian E. Kennedy}{\creatim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}{\revtim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords415}{\nofchars2366}{\*\company Micron Electronics, Inc.}{\nofcharsws2905}{\vern71}}
\margl1440\margr1300 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 {           COFA BYLAWS, Appendix D. SPECIAL PRE-PAYMENTS
\par 
\par }\pard \ri860\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {Effective date _Nov 12, 1997_   Supersedes Appendix D, dated ___ n/a ___
\par }\pard \ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par            LETTER OF AGREEMENT between COFA INC. member
\par 
\par _________________________________________________________, _____________
\par                    (printed name)                         (acct. number)
\par 
\par            and the Central Ohio Flyers Association (COFA INC.)
\par 
\par The purpose of this agreement is to furnish a means for a member of COFA INC to provide immediat
e funds for the expressed purpose of improving the safety, reliability, and/or utility of COFA INC aircraft.  The above member will prepay their "Dry-Time" account with COFA INC in the amount of $_____________, in the following manner...
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par                   (description of manner of pre-payment)
\par 
\par The above pre-payment shall be used for the expressed purpose of...
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par COFA INC accepts this offer and thanks this member for their generosity. 
\par 
\par Upon acceptance of this money it is agreed that the above stated amount shall be credited to the member's "Prepaid Dry-Time" account.  Thereafter, the member will 
be permitted to "fly off," at the member's discretion, their entire balance in that account.  The only charges that will debit this member's "Prepaid Dry-Time" account shall be the following...
\par 
\par  1) Monthly COFA dues., 2) Monthly COFA assessments.
\par  3) Monthly "Dry-Time" charges for flights taken in COFA INC aircraft.
\par 
\par Until such time as the member's entire "Prepaid Dry-Time" fund is exhausted, the member shall be billed for fuel \'d2wet\'d3 charges, and other expenses.  The member is not required to fly any minim
um amount each month.  By virtue of this agreement the member has no privileges above and beyond any other member's privileges except as stated herein.
\par 
\par Should the member resign from COFA INC., encounter some unforeseen calamity, or should COFA INC. cease 
operation before the amount prepaid in this agreement has been exhausted in the above manner, COFA INC agrees to refund the unused portion of the above stated amount.  This refund will be issued, when, in the opinion of the then presiding Trustees, funds 
are available.  It may be refunded in one lump-sum, or in monthly payments.  By virtue of this agreement, no interest shall be earned or paid.  In the event the member does not resign, but becomes an \'d2Inactive Member\'d3
 as defined in the COFA Bylaws, a credit shall be maintained as with any other \'d2Inactive Member."
\par 
\par This agreement is entered into on this ___ day of ___________, _________
\par                                                     (month)     (year)
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par           COFA INC. member                    COFA INC. President
\par }}