{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff6\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \f6\fs20 \sbasedon10 page number;}{
\s16\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f6\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}}{\info{\title COFA BYLAWS, Appendix C}{\author Brian E. Kennedy}{\operator Brian E. Kennedy}{\creatim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}{\revtim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}
{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords588}{\nofchars3356}{\*\company Micron Electronics, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4121}{\vern71}}\margl1440\margr1300 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 {COFA BYLAWS, Appendix C. APPLICATION FOR FAMILY MEMBERSHIP (page 1 of 2)
\par 
\par }\pard \ri860\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {Effective date _Nov 12, 1997_   Supersedes Appendix C, dated ___ n/a ___
\par }\pard \ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par        C E N T R L   O H I O   F L Y E R S   A S S O C I A T I O N
\par 
\par 
\par I,____________________________________________________________________,
\par           (printed name of Active member: first, middle, last)
\par 
\par active member in good standing of COFA INC, hereby apply for Family Membership for the following member of my immediate family...
\par 
\par 
\par ________________________________________  _____________  _______________
\par (printed name of applying Family Member)  (relationship) (date of birth)
\par 
\par 
\par I certify that this person is a member of my immediate family, and if a son or daughter this person is my dependent, under the age of 24, and that this person is living in my household.
\par 
\par I understand that the initial fee for this member is $_______, and that this membership is renewable each year at a cost as set forth in the bylaws.
\par 
\par I UNDERSTAND THAT I AM TOTALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYMENT OF ANY CHARGES INCURRED BY THIS FAMILY MEMBER.
\par 
\par I UNDERSTAND THAT COFA AIRCRAFT SHALL NOT BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.  I estimate that this family member will fly _____ hours per year in COFA aircraft.
\par 
\par I understand that all monies submitted with this application will be returned in full should this member of my family not be accepted.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________________   __________________
\par       (Signature of sponsoring Active Member)              (date)
\par 
\par 
\par Family member's Social Security Number:_________________________________
\par 
\par We have enclosed copies of the following documents with this application, as pertains to this Family Member's application...
\par 
\par _____Driver's License.
\par _____Pilot Certificate.
\par _____Medical Certificate.
\par _____Logbook endorsement showing Flight Review (FAR 61.56).
\par _____Last two pages of logbook.
\par _____Logbook endorsements for checkouts in ___C172, ___C182, ___C210.
\par 
\par                       (Continued on other side)\page COFA BYLAWS, Appendix C. APPLICATION FOR FAMILY MEMBERSHIP (page 2 of 2)
\par 
\par        C E N T R L   O H I O   F L Y E R S   A S S O C I A T I O N
\par 
\par We understand that a copy of this family member's latest Flight Review (e.g. BFR) and a copy of this family member's latest Medical Certificate shall always be kept on file with the appropriate trustee/officer.  Shou
ld I or my family member fail to update this information, I understand that my family member shall not fly COFA aircraft until this is accomplished.
\par 
\par To date this person has logged.. ____ hours in retractable gear aircraft
\par 
\par  _____ hours in a C172.   ______ hours in a C182. _____ hours in a C210.
\par 
\par Please answer the following questions.  Has your family member ever...
\par 
\par ...had any aircraft accidents, incidents or claims, or had your pilot certificate surrendered, suspended or revoked?               __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...had your drivers license surrendered, suspended, revoked? __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...been arrested for or charged with operating a motor vehicle
\par or aircraft under the influence of alcohol or drugs?         __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...been convicted of or pleaded guilty or no contest to any
\par felony, crime, or misdemeanor other than parking violations? __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...had an insurance company cancel, or decline to insure or
\par refuse to renew your aircraft or auto insurance coverage?    __Yes  __No
\par 
\par If you answered yes to any questions, please explain below or on a separate sheet.
\par _______________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par This information and the supporting documentation we have submitted is true to the best 
of our knowledge and belief.  We certify that we have reviewed, with a trustee, the rules and regulations of COFA INC, and that if accepted as a family member, the club's bylaws will be followed.
\par 
\par ___________________________________________________   __________________
\par       (Signature of sponsoring Active Member)               (date)
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________________   _________________
\par       (Signature of applying Family member)                 (date)
\par 
\par }}