{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff6\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \f6\fs20 \sbasedon10 page number;}{
\s16\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f6\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}}{\info{\title    COFA BYLAWS, Appendix B}{\author Brian E. Kennedy}{\operator Brian E. Kennedy}{\creatim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}
{\revtim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr7\min35}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords653}{\nofchars3723}{\*\company Micron Electronics, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4572}{\vern71}}\margl1440\margr1300 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f6\fs20 {
   COFA BYLAWS, Appendix B.  APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP (page 1 of 2)
\par 
\par }\pard \ri860\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {Effective date _Nov 12, 1997_   Supersedes Appendix B, dated ___ n/a ___
\par }\pard \ri860\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par        C E N T R L   O H I O   F L Y E R S   A S S O C I A T I O N
\par 
\par 
\par I, _____________________________________________________________________
\par                 (printed name: first, middle, last)
\par 
\par hereby apply for Active membership in the Central Ohio Flyers Association (COFA INC.).
\par 
\par Enclosed is $_________ (and a $25.00 processing fee).
\par 
\par I understand that, if within 60 days of becoming a member I am dissatisfied, upon written request 90% of $_________ will be refunded.  Should I resign after 60 days, I understand that a
ny refund will be based on Article II, Paragraph H of the COFA Bylaws.  I understand that the current refund amount is $_______, and that it is subject to change.  I also understand that should I experience an unexpected event after 60 days, but within 6 
months of joining (e.g. unexpected job transfer, sudden loss of medical), upon written request 90% of $_________ may be refunded to me.  I understand that the validity and timeliness of such a hardship request shall be determined solely by the Trustees.

\par 
\par I understand that all monies submitted with this application will be returned in full should I not be accepted for membership.
\par 
\par Date of Birth:_________Social Security Number:__________________________
\par 
\par Home address:___________________________________________________________
\par 
\par City, State, ZIP:_______________________________________________________
\par 
\par Home phone number(s):___________________________________________________
\par  
\par Occupation:_____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Employer:_______________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Business address:_______________________________________________________
\par 
\par City, State, ZIP:_______________________________________________________
\par 
\par Business phone number(s):_______________________________________________
\par 
\par Other phone numbers (i.e. fax, cellular):_______________________________
\par 
\par E-mail address:_________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Name of spouse:_________________________________________________________
\par 
\par                          (Continued on other side)\page 
\par    COFA BYLAWS, Appendix B.  APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP (page 2 of 2)
\par 
\par        C E N T R L   O H I O   F L Y E R S   A S S O C I A T I O N
\par 
\par I have enclosed copies of the following documents with this application...
\par 
\par _____Driver's License.
\par _____Pilot Certificate.
\par _____Medical Certificate.
\par _____Logbook endorsement showing Flight Review (FAR 61.56).
\par _____Last two pages of my logbook.
\par _____Logbook endorsements for checkouts in ___C172, ___C182, ___C210.
\par 
\par I understand th
at a copy of my latest Flight Review (e.g. BFR) and a copy of my latest Medical Certificate shall always be kept on file with the appropriate trustee/officr.  Should I fail to update this information, I understand that I shall not fly COFA aircraft until 
I do so.
\par 
\par To date I have logged...  ______ hours in retractable gear aircraft
\par 
\par  _____ hours in a C172.   ______ hours in a C182. _____ hours in a C210.
\par 
\par Please answer the following questions.  Have you ever...
\par 
\par ...had any aircraft accidents, incidents or claims, or had your pilot certificate surrendered, suspended or revoked?               __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...had your drivers license surrendered, suspended, revoked? __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...been arrested for or charged with operating a motor vehicle
\par or aircraft under the influence of alcohol or drugs?         __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...been convicted of or pleaded guilty or no contest to any
\par felony, crime, or misdemeanor other than parking violations? __Yes  __No
\par 
\par ...had an insurance company cancel, or decline to insure or
\par refuse to renew your aircraft or auto insurance coverage?    __Yes  __No
\par 
\par If you answered yes to any questions, please explain below or on a separate sheet.
\par _______________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par I UNDERSTAND THAT COFA AIRCRAFT SHALL NOT BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.  I estimate that I will fly _____ hours per year in COFA aircraft.
\par 
\par This information and the supporting documentation I have submitted is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  I certify that I have r
eviewed, with a trustee, the rules and regulations of COFA INC, and that if accepted for membership I will follow the club's bylaws.
\par 
\par _________________________________________________    __________________
\par                (Signature)                                (date)
\par 
\par }}