{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\uc2\deff36\stshfdbch12\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1042{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070409020205020404}Courier;}{\f12\froman\fcharset129\fprq2{\*\panose 02030600000101010101}\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1{\*\falt Batang};}{\f36\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Monaco;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset129\fprq2{\*\panose 02030600000101010101}@\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1;}{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f161\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Batang Western{\*\falt Batang};}{\f159\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Batang CE{\*\falt Batang};}{\f160\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Batang Cyr{\*\falt Batang};}
{\f162\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Batang Greek{\*\falt Batang};}{\f163\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Batang Tur{\*\falt Batang};}{\f166\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Batang Baltic{\*\falt Batang};}{\f421\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 Western;}
{\f419\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 CE;}{\f420\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 Cyr;}{\f422\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 Greek;}{\f423\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 Tur;}
{\f426\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 @\'b9\'d9\'c5\'c1 Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1042\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af12\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1042 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af12\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \f36\fs18 \sbasedon10 page number;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1042\loch\f36\hich\af36\dbch\af12\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1042 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2689978}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title        BYLAWS OF CENTRAL OHIO FLYERS ASSOCIATION [COFA INC]}{\author Brian E. Kennedy}{\operator man}{\creatim\yr1997\mo11\dy20\hr21\min10}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy10\hr20\min26}{\version3}{\edmins1}
{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4540}{\nofchars25879}{\*\company Micron Electronics, Inc.}{\nofcharsws30359}{\vern16437}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1701\margr1701\margt1985\margb1701\gutter0 \ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot2689978 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain \s16\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs18\lang1033\langfe1042\loch\af36\hich\af36\dbch\af12\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1042 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 COFA Bylaws, Nov 12, 1997, page \chpgn \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  of 12
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}
{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1042\loch\af36\hich\af36\dbch\af12\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1042 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
       BYLAWS OF CENTRAL OHIO FLYERS ASSOCIATION [COFA INC]
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE I - PURPOSE
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The purpose of this corporation (hereinafter called the "Club") shall be to provide aircraft for the non-commercial enjoyment of club members, and to perform any and all acts which are lawful under the laws of the State of Ohio.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE II - MEMBERSHIP
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Qualification, Eligibility, and Initial Investment for Membership
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Applicants for membership must be of good moral character, responsible, and financially able to meet their obligations to the Club.  They must possess or have the ability to procure al\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
l licenses, certificates or permits required by any Governmental agency for the operation of aircraft.  Applicants must complete an application as set forth in Appendix B, and submit an Initial Investment and Processing Fee as set forth in Appendix A.  Ac
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 c\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 eptance of membership shall be obtained only through the approval of the majority of the Board of Trustees.  Should acceptance be denied, all monies, except the processing fee, shall be returned.  

\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B. Ownership of Assets
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2689978 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Each member that has not request\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ed a termination of their membership, as per Article II, Section F, Paragraph 1, shall be deemed to own an equal share of the assets of the Club}{\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978\charrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 In the even\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
t of the dissolution of the Club, the trustees are empowered to dispose of all assets, liquidate the club debt and distribute any remaining funds equally to all active members, known inactive members and any suspended members. Further, member investment r
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 e\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 fund and/or dry time available will not be considered as a club debt.}{\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978\charrsid2689978 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Classes of Membership
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
C1.   An ACTIVE MEMBER is one who is required to pay all dues, assessments, and Prepaid Dry-Time charges levied against such member on a monthly basis. \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 Members of this class shall be entitled to operate all aircraft owned and/or leased by the Club provided such member is qualified to operate such aircraft and meets the minimum requirements as stipulated by the Club's insurance provider.  When an Active 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 M\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ember sponsors one or more Family Members, the sponsoring Active Member is entirely responsible for all the financial obligations due the Club by said Family Member(s).
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
C2.  An INACTIVE MEMBER is an Active Member who has been put on inactive status.  Requests for inactive status shall be made to the Club President or Treasurer, in writing.  Inactive membership status shall become effective on the first day of the month f
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 o\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
llowing receipt of such a notification.  An Inactive Member shall not be required to pay monthly dues, assessments, Prepaid Dry-Time, nor any other charges or assessments levied against Active Members.  Inactive Members shall not, however, be entitled to 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 a\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 repayment of any portion of their Initial Investment for membership in the Club during such period of inactive membership status.  An Inactive Member shall not have voting privileges, flying privileges, and normally not be covered by any flight insurance
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
policies of the Club.  For an Active Member who requests inactive status, said member must remain on inactive status for a minimum period as set forth in Appendix A, unless otherwise permitted by the Board of Trustees.  During the period of inactive statu
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 s\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
, accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time shall remain intact, and will be reinstated upon return to active status.  The inactive member's Prepaid Dry-Time is forfeited when this member requests termination as per Article II, Section F, Paragraph 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C3.  A FAMILY ME\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
MBER is a spouse of an Active Member, or an immediate dependent of an Active Member under the age of twenty-four (24) living in the same household.  Acceptance of a Family Member shall be obtained only through the approval of the majority of the Board of 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 T\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
rustees.  Each family member shall remain a member of COFA only for so long as their sponsoring member remains an Active Member.  Each Family Member shall be afforded the same insurance coverages as provided to their sponsoring Active Member.  A Family Me
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 m\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ber is subject to the same rules and regulations as their sponsoring Active Member.  Upon submitting the Family Member application (Appendix C), the sponsoring Active Member shall include an Initial Investment as set forth in Appendix A.  In addition, eac
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 h\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 sponsoring Active Member shall pay a Yearly Fee, as set forth in Appendix A, for each Family Member they sponsor.  As each Family Member is derivative of a sponsoring Active Member, they are not entitled to vote, not to be provided COFA notices in their 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 o\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
wn right, and they shall schedule their aircraft under their sponsoring Active Member.  Family Members are not subject to any benefits or distribution upon dissolution, resignation or suspension of membership.  The sponsoring Active Member is wholly respo
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 n\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 sible for any charges incurred by the Family Member.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C4.  A SUSPENDED MEMBER is an Active Member or Family Member who has been temporarily denied, by action of the Board of Trustees, the privilege of flying or reserving any Club aircraft.  Immediately upo
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
n suspension all aircraft reservations shall be removed.  During the period of such suspension, the member shall be responsible for the payment of any and all normal monthly charges.  The period of suspension shall be limited to no more than sixty (60) da
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 y\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 s.  At the end of sixty days the Board of Trustees shall be required to take further action or the member shall automatically regain Active Member status.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C5.  An ALUMNI MEMBER is an Inactive Member, past member, or friend of the Club who wishes to receiv\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
e a subscription to the Club's newsletter.  A fee, as set forth in Appendix A, shall be due annually.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D. Authorized Number of Active Members
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 The number of Active Members shall be limited to insure availability of aircraft.  The maximum number shall be e\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 stablished by the Board of Trustees,  as set forth in Appendix A.  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E. Waiting Lists
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 When the Authorized Number of Active Members has been reached, two Waiting Lists shall be established and maintained by the Treasurer.

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E1. Inactive Member Waiting List\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
:  When an Inactive Member wishes to return to Active Member status, they must so indicate their desire, in writing, to the Treasurer.  Upon receipt of this written notice, the Treasure shall determine the date and time of receipt of the request, and ther
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 e\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
by place the member's name, in the order received, on the Inactive Member Waiting List.  This member may not be placed on the Inactive Member Waiting List if they are in a delinquent status on any monies owed the Club.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E2. Prospective Member Waiting List:\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
  For a prospective member to have their name placed on the Prospective Member Waiting List, they must complete an application as set forth in Appendix B, then submit that application to the Treasurer.   The application must be accompanied with a non-refu
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 n\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
dable Processing Fee as set forth in Appendix A (Article II, Section A).  Upon receipt of the application, the Treasurer shall determine the date and time of receipt of the application, and thereby place the prospective member's name on the Prospective Me
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 m\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ber Waiting List.  Should the Prospective Member wish to withdraw their name from the Prospective Member Waiting List, they must so indicate, in writing, to the Treasurer.  Upon receipt of such a request, the Prospective Member's name will be removed.  

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
3. Waiting List Selection Process:  When an opening for an Active Member becomes available, the Treasurer shall begin with the Inactive Member Waiting List, in the order of requests received.  Should there be no member's name on the Inactive Member Waitin
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 g\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 List, or should all member's on this list decline filling the vacancy, the Prospective Member Waiting List will then be consulted, beginning with names in the order received.  Notification, either verbally or in writing, shall be accomplished by either t
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 h\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
e President or Treasurer.  If the prospective member declines to fill the vacancy, their name shall be placed on the bottom of the Prospective Member Waiting List, and the next prospective member will be notified.  When a prospective member indicates that
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
they wish to fill the vacancy, they will have up to seven (7) days of being so notified in which to get their Initial Investment (Article II, Section A) to the Treasurer.  Should they fail to do so, their name will be placed at the bottom of the list, and
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 the process will continue.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E4. Waiting list publication:  At any time, any member of COFA shall be provided a copy of the current Waiting Lists upon request.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F. Termination of Membership
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F1.  Voluntary Termination:\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
  Members may voluntary terminate membership by notifying the Club President or Treasurer in writing.  Said termination shall become effective on the last day of the month in which the notice is received.  Any accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time will be forfeite
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 d\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  at this time.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
F2.  Involuntary Termination:  The Board of Trustees may terminate any membership by affirmative vote of not less than five Trustees.  Such termination shall take effect immediately upon written notice to the member who shall thereupon retu
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 rn aircraft keys and Club property forthwith.  Any accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time will be forfeited at this time.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 G. Notice of Member Address Change:  Members shall notify the Treasurer of any address change.  Until such notification is received, all notic\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
es mailed to members as required by these Regulations shall be considered as properly served if mailed to the same address as to which the member's monthly bill is sent.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H. Refund of Initial Investment to Terminated Members
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H1. Dissatisfaction or Change\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
-of-Mind Refund:  Any new member, having changed their mind or having become dissatisfied, and resigning within a time period as set forth in Appendix A, shall be entitled to a refund as set forth in Appendix A, minus any unpaid obligations due the club.

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
H2. Probationary Period Refund:  If, within the probationary time period as set forth in Appendix A, the Board of Trustees by a majority vote elects to terminate a member, that member shall receive a percentage, as set forth in Appendix A, of their Initia
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 l\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  Investment, minus any unpaid obligations due the club.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H3. Hardship Refund:  Any new member experiencing an unexpected event within a time period as set forth in Appendix A, that creates an extreme hardship in their remaining a member (e.g., unexpected j\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ob transfer, loss of airman medical certificate), will have a portion of their Initial Investment, minus any unpaid obligations due the club, refunded, as set forth in Appendix A, upon written resignation.  The resigning member must show proof of the hard
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 s\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 hip immediately upon becoming aware that the hardship exist.  The Board of Trustees shall, in their sole discretion, determine the validity of the timeliness and cause of resignation.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H4. Normal Refund:  At the conclusion of a time period as set forth in \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Appendix A, following the termination date of a member, the Club shall, as determined by the Board of Trustees, refund to the terminated member that portion of their Initial Investment as set forth in Appendix A, minus any unpaid obligations due the club.

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The Board of Trustees shall have authority to pay the refund in installments, or delay the payment of the same for a reasonable period of time.  Should a member be indebted or obligated to the Club at the time of termination of membership, the amount ther
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 eof shall be withheld by the Board of Trustees from the amount of the refund.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE III - MEETINGS, ELECTIONS, CHANGES TO BYLAWS
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Annual General Membership Meeting
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
An annual meeting of Active Members for the nomination and election of Trustees shall be held during the month of November at the time and place specified in the notice of said meeting as hereinafter provided.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B. Notice of General Membership Meetings
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Wr\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
itten or verbal notice stating the time and place of the annual meeting or of a special meeting shall be given to every Active Member either by phone, personal delivery or by mail not less than three nor more than 30 days before the date of the meeting.  
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 I\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 f mailed, said notice shall be addressed to the member at the same address to which their monthly bill is sent.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Calling of Special General Membership Meetings
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Meetings of members may be called by any of the following: (1) The President, or in case of\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 the President's absence, death, or disability, the Vice President. (2) The Trustees by action at a meeting, or a majority of the Trustees acting without a meeting.  (3) Twenty-five percent of the Active Members.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D. Quorum-Voting at General Membership Me\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 etings.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The Active Members present at any meeting shall constitute a quorum for such meeting but no action required by these regulations to be taken by a specified number of members may be taken by a lesser proportion or number.  The affirmative vote of t
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 he majority of the Active Members present at a meeting shall be sufficient for the authorization or taking of any action.  Each Active Member is entitled to one vote.  
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E. Voting via Proxy at General Membership Meetings.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 There shall be no voting by prox\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 y.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F. Trustee Meetings.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 The Trustees shall meet during the month of January in each year for the purposes of...
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  1. Completely reviewing all the variables in Appendix A and 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5     making any necessary changes.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  2. Selecting/appointing Officers of the Club.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  3. Determining short-range and long-range goals for the Club, and 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5     publishing such in Appendix A.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Special meetings of the trustees may be called by the President, Vice President, or any two (2) Trustees\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
.  A majority of the whole authorized number of Trustees is necessary to constitute a quorum except that a majority of the Trustees in office constitute a quorum for filling a vacancy in the Board.  An affirmative vote by a majority of the Trustees presen
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 t\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to take action.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 G. Action Without Meeting
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Any action which may be taken at a meeting of the Trustees, may be taken without a meeting, upon the unanimous vote of a majority of the trustees.  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Said vote may be taken by phone, electronic mail, or other manner of communication, and entered into the records of the Club.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H. Amendment of Bylaws
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 These Bylaws may be repealed or amended only by a two-thirds majority vote of the Active Members.  Such \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
action shall be taken at a General Membership Meeting.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 I. Amendment of Appendices
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
All Appendices to these Bylaws shall be reviewed and, if necessary, amended by the Board of Trustees annually during the Board of Trustees meeting held in January of each \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
year, and at other times as deemed necessary.  Appendix A shall contain a listing of all values, numbers, and/or amounts as specifically referred to within these Regulations by the phrase "...as set forth in Appendix A."   Changes to Appendix A shall be v
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 o\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ted upon by the Board of Trustees, with a majority vote required for the change(s) to take place.  Whenever any change is made to Appendix A, an updated copy of the entire Appendix A, with the effective date, as well as the date of the superseded Appendix
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
A, shall be sent to every Active Member, with the change highlighted.  Whether or not any changes are made to Appendix A during the required review at the January Board of Trustees meeting, a copy of Appendix A shall be included with the monthly bills mai
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 l\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ed each February.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE IV - TRUSTEES
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Number and Election
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under authority o\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
f, and the business and affairs of the Club shall be vested in a Board of seven (7) Trustees, three of whom shall be the President, Vice-President, and the Past-President.  Each Trustee shall serve a two year term. In addition to the Vice President who sh
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 a\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ll be elected annually, two (2) Trustees shall be elected on odd numbered years.  The term of office shall begin on the first day of January of the year following the year of their election. All officers and trustees must be active members in good standin
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 g\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 and candidates shall be nominated and voted on at the annual meeting of the membership in November of each year.   Only those persons nominated shall be eligible for election as Vice-President or Trustee.  The candidate receiving the greatest number of v
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 o\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
tes for Vice-President shall be elected Vice-President and the candidates receiving the greatest number of votes for Trustee shall be elected as Trustee.  The Vice-President shall automatically succeed to the office of President at the commencement of the
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 next calendar year, unless otherwise determined by a special vote.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B. Vacancies
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The office of Trustee shall become vacant upon the Trustee's death, incapacity, expulsion, resignation, or upon acceptance of the Trustee's request for "Inactive Member" sta\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
tus.  A resignation shall take effect immediately or at such other time thereafter as the Trustee may specify.   Trustees may be removed from office by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the membership at a special meeting called for such purpose.

\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Filling Vacancies
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The remaining Trustees, although less than a majority of the whole authorized number of Trustees, may, by the vote of a majority of their number, fill any vacancy in the Board for the unexpired term.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D. Compensation of Trustees
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 The\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  Trustees shall serve, as trustees, without compensation.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE V - OFFICERS
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Club Officers
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The Officers of this Club shall be the President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Maintenance Officer, Safety Officer\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
, Scheduling Manager, Newsletter Editor, Web Page Editor, Recruiting Director, and Program Director.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B. Selection of Officers
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Maintenance Officer, Safety Officer, Scheduling Manager, Newsletter Editor, Web Page Editor, Recruiting Director, and Program Director shall be chosen by the Board of Trustees at its meeting held in
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 January.  
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Duration of Appointment
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Unless otherwise noted, each Officer shall hold office until a successor is selected or until such officer shall resign from that office or be removed. The Trustees shall, within thirty (30) days after any office be
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 comes vacant, elect a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until a successor is elected.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D. Removal of Officers
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Any Officer may be removed by the Trustees with or without cause by an affirmative vote of five (5) Trustees at any mee
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ting of the Trustees.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E. Compensation of Officers
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Compensation of Officers shall be established by the Trustees, with remuneration as set forth in Appendix A.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F. Duties of Officers
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F1. President - The President shall be the chief executive officer of\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 the Club and shall exercise general supervision over the property, affairs and business of the Club.  He shall preside at meetings of membership and of the Board of Trustees.  He shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 s\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 e regulations or by the Trustees.  The President shall serve for a one year term commencing on the first day of January following his or her term of office as Vice-President.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F2. Vice President - The Vice President, in the absence or disability of the Pre\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
sident, shall perform the duties of the President and shall be vested with the powers of the President.  The Vice President shall serve for a term of one calendar year commencing on the first day of January following the year of his or her election.

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
F3. Secretary - The Secretary shall keep the minutes of the meetings of the membership and of the Board of Trustees and record said minutes in a book provided for that purpose.  The Secretary shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 as may from time to time be assigned by these regulations, by the Board of Trustees, or by the President.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F4. Treasurer - The Treasurer shall perform all the billing and collections for the member's monthly statements, shall have custody of the Club's fun\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ds, shall keep an accurate account of receipts and disbursements, and shall track required insurance data that must be kept up-to-date by members (e.g. medical certificate duration, flight review endorsements, aircraft checkout endorsements).  Said Treasu
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 r\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
er shall cause monies to be deposited in the name of the Club in such depository as may be designated by the Trustees and to perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these regulations, by the Board of Tr
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 u\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 stees, or by the President.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F5. Chief Financial Officer - The Chief Financial Officer shall oversee the Treasurer and along with the Vice President and a 2nd year Trustee review COFA books once a year, (said review to be preformed in January) reporting 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 back to the President and the Board of Trustees the results of said review. The Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and President shall be responsible for gathering and putting together tax forms to be filed and submitted.  

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F6. Chief Maintenance Officer \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
- The Chief Maintenance Officer shall  a) Arrange for the proper maintenance of all aircraft and equipment in the corporation; b) Be responsible for keeping proper and current engine logs, aircraft logs, operations limitations, and all similar documents w
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 i\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
th respect to the aircraft and equipment of the corporation; c) Be responsible for obtaining and keeping current all registrations, airworthiness certificates, aircraft licenses, and equipment licenses with respect to aircraft and equipment of the corpora
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 t\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ion, and d) Make a report on the maintenance and conditions of the aircraft at each meeting.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F7.  Safety Officer - The Safety Officer shall accept input from club members on safety related club issues and pass them on to the President and/or Board of Tr\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ustees for action. The Safety Officer shall also keep watch for any club related safety problems and pass along occasional safety reminders to the membership.  The Safety Officer shall arrange for a presentation on current and relevant safety topics at cl
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 u\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 b meetings.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F8.  Scheduling Manager - The Scheduling Manager shall maintain the scheduling system computer, as well as maintain the telephone numbers for the club's Multi-Point 800 system.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F9.  Newsletter Editor - The Newsletter Editor shall publish th\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
e official newsletter of the Club.  The Newsletter Editor is also responsible for printing of the club roster, the printing of recruitment materials (prospective member brochures & posters), and the printing of other items that may be needed from time to 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 t\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ime.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F10.  Web Page Editor - The Web Page Editor shall maintain the club's Web Page, updating the information in as timely a manner as possible.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F11.  Recruiting Director - The Recruiting Director shall follow-up on people who have expressed interest in \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
membership, organize Open House events from time-to-time, and otherwise strive to maintain COFA's visibility.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F12. Program Director -  The program director shall be responsible for setting up and coordinating all Club Social Events throughout the year (\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
i.e.. Airplane wash parties, Christmas Party, Summer Picnic).  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE VI - MONTHLY CHARGES & SPECIAL PAYMENTS
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Each Active Member shall be responsible for the monthly payment of the following upon receipt of a statement...
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A1. Dues Charges: As se\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 t forth in Appendix A.  To the extent possible, this money shall be designated and applied toward the non-flying expenses of running the Club.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A2. Equipment Assessment Charges:  As set forth in Appendix A.  This money shall be designated and applied toward major purchases of new equipment that will improve the safety, reliability, and/or utility of Club aircraft.

\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A3. Prepaid Dry-Time Charges:  A\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
s set forth in Appendix A.  This money shall reflect the minimum commitment of an Active Member toward usage of Club aircraft.  Accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time shall be applied toward Aircraft Usage charges.  Accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time shall not be transfe
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 r\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 able to another member.  Accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time shall not be refundable upon termination of membership, except as provided under "Special Pre-Payments" (Article VI, Section B).
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A4. Aircraft Usage Charges:  As set forth in Appendix A.  These "Dry-Tim\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
e" charges shall be based upon Tachometer Hour usage of the aircraft as flown by the member during the previous monthly billing cycle.  These charges shall relate to all aircraft costs except fuel.  Current and accumulated Prepaid Dry-Time will be applied
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 toward the satisfaction of Aircraft Usage charges.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A5. Fuel Usage Charges:  Charges for aviation fuel consumed during the previous month based upon the Aircraft Usage tachometer time, the monthly cost-per-gallon fuel price as set forth in Appendix A, an
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 d the fuel consumption rate as set forth in Appendix A.  A fuel purchase rebate program, as set forth in Appendix A, may be applied toward payment.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A6. Miscellaneous Charges:  Charges for pre-heats, overnight heated hangar storage, or other non-repetitive\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  charges which are billed to COFA at the members request.
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A7. Late Payment Fee Charges:  A carrying charge, as set forth in Appendix A, will be added to any outstanding balance of the last unpaid bill for those bills not paid by the end of the month the b\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
ill was received.  
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A8. "Non Sufficient Funds" Charges:  Any check returned to the Treasurer as "NON SUFFICIENT FUNDS" will be assessed a service charge as set forth in Appendix A.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B.  Special Pre-Payments:  From time to time the Board of Trustees may a\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
uthorize voluntary pre-payments by member's into their Prepaid Dry-Time accounts.  These special pre-payments shall primarily be for the specific purpose of applying said monies toward purchases of new equipment that will improve the safety, reliability, 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 a\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 nd/or utility of Club aircraft.  Appendix D shall contain the standard "Letter of Agreement" to cover such transactions.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Safety Incentive: Regular proficiency training is essential to the safety of all club members.  The objective of offering a specia\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
l incentive, in the form of a Prepaid Dry-Time credit, is to encourage member participation in Club approved aviation safety programs.  Active Members may receive credits to their Prepaid Dry-Time accounts as specified in Appendix A.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D.  Delinquent Bills\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
:  Any Active Member not paying his/her monthly bill and going delinquent for a period as set forth in Appendix A, or having an unpaid balance greater than an amount as set forth in Appendix A, will have their aircraft reservation capability restricted as
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5  \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
set forth in Appendix A, and may be placed on Inactive Member status.  Being involuntarily placed on Inactive Member status for this cause shall result in all future aircraft reservations being cancelled, and may result in the loss of all accumulated Prep
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 a\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 id Dry-Time.  Failure to immediately bring one's account back to a good credit standing may also result in Involuntary Termination.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE VII - INSURANCE, INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS, ETC.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 A. Hull insurance coverage
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The Club shall, at all times, carry aircraft damage insurance for the fair market value of each aircraft as specified in Appendix A.  The deductible, as specified in Appendix A, shall be paid by the member if the accident was caused, as determined by the 
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 oard of Trustees, by their negligence
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 B. Bodily Injury & Property Damage insurance coverage
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 The Club shall, at all times, carry Bodily Injury and Property Damage Liability insurance with minimums as specified in Appendix A.

\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 C. Member Responsibility fo\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 r Damage to Aircraft
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
The member, acting as pilot-in-command, shall be responsible for the safe operation of the aircraft.  If there is lack of agreement as to who is responsible for the aircraft when damage occurs, the Trustees, by majority vote, shall de
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
termine responsibility.  In the event of damage to the aircraft caused by the negligence of the member, such member shall be liable for the damage sustained and shall be assessed the uninsured, non reimbursable cost of repair or replacement.  If any repai
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 r\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 charges, exceeding a cost as specified in Appendix A, are needed while the aircraft is away from home base, the member shall contact the Chief Maintenance Officer and/or one of the Trustee's before having the aircraft repaired.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 D. Use of COFA Aircraft b\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 y non-members.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Use of COFA aircraft by non-members, except as provided by special endorsement of the insurance underwriter and approved by the Board of Trustees, is strictly prohibited.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 E. Flight Instruction of non-members in COFA Aircraft.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 Members of \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 COFA who are instructors shall NOT provide instruction to non-members in COFA aircraft.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 F. Commercial Use of COFA Aircraft.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Use of COFA aircraft for commercial purposes is strictly forbidden (i.e. flying for hire), as there would be no insurance coverage.  However, a member of COFA who is a Certified Flight Instructor may give instruction to, and receive compensation from, a f
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 e\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 llow member, for the instruction given.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 G. Flight Review, Medical Certificate, and Checkride data.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Members are required to provide to the Treasurer, copies of their checkride endorsements, copies of their most recent Medical Certificate, copies of their\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 most recent Flight Review endorsements (i.e. BFR), as well as copies of any other flight related information the Trustees deem necessary.  Members who do not have a current FAA medical certificate, or who do not have an up-to-date Flight Review endorseme
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 n\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
t, or who have not provided copies of their checkride endorsements, shall not operate COFA aircraft without a Certified Flight Instructor accompanying them.  Members who do not provide this data in a timely manner, as set forth in Appendix A, will be unab
\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 l\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 e to reserve aircraft, and may lose all future reservations, unless special arrangements have been made with the Trustees.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 H. Viewing of insurance policies.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 The Club shall make available the aircraft insurance policy for member's review, and all members\hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
 shall be responsible for the provisions therein.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 ARTICLE VIII - AIRCRAFT RESERVATION PARAMETERS
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f5\fs20\insrsid2689978 \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
A. The Board of Trustees shall insure that all members shall have reasonable opportunity to use club airplanes by limiting aircraft use, as set forth in \hich\af5\dbch\af12\loch\f5 
Appendix A.  This is to prevent any one member monopolizing the same.  Limitations may include scheduling parameters on the reservation system which prohibits sequential scheduling or a limit on the number of reservations that may be scheduled.
\par }}